{% raw %} <li><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmccBatchUtilizationTerminology.xml.html">PqcmcCBatchUtilizationTerminology</a> <p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to batch utilization in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmccChemicalStructureDataFileOriginTerminology.xml.html">PqcmcCChemicalStructureDataFileOriginTerminology</a> <p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to chemical structure data file origins in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmccChemicalStructureDataFileTypeTerminology.xml.html">PqcmcCChemicalStructureDataFileTypeTerminology</a> <p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to chemical structure data file types in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmccClosureTypeTerminology.xml.html">PqcmcClosureTypeTerminology</a> <p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to closure types in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmccCoPackagedIndicatorTerminology.xml.html">PqcmcCoPackagedIndicatorTerminology</a> <p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to copackaged indicators in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmccConformancetoCriteriaTerminology.xml.html">PqcmcConformanceCriteriaTerminology</a> <p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to conformance to criteria in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmccContainerOrientationTerminology.xml.html">PqcmcContainerOrientationTerminology</a> <p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to container orientation in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmccContainerTypeTerminology.xml.html">PqcmcContainerTypeTerminology</a> <p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to container types in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmccDrugProductComponentFunctionCategoryTerminology.xml.html">PqcmcDrugProductComponentFunctionCategoryTerminology</a> <p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to drug product component function categories in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmccDrugSubstanceProductIndicatorTerminology.xml.html">PqcmcDrugSubstanceProductIndicatorTerminology</a> <p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to drug substance product indicators in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmccExcipientFunctionTerminology.xml.html">PqcmcExcipientFunctionTerminology</a> <p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to excipient functions in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmccImpurityClassificationTerminology.xml.html">PqcmcImpurityClassificationTerminology</a> <p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to impurity classifications in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmccInterpretationCodeTerminology.xml.html">PqcmcInterpretationCodeTerminology</a> <p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to numeric interpretation codes in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmccProcessRelatedImpurityCategoryTerminology.xml.html">PqcmcProcessRelatedImpurityCategoryTerminology</a> <p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to process related impurity categories in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmccProductRelatedImpurityCategoryTerminology.xml.html">PqcmcProductRelatedImpurityCategoryTerminology</a> <p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to product related impurity categories in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmccQualityBenchmarkTerminology.xml.html">PqcmcQualityBenchmarkTerminology</a> <p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to quality benchmarks in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmccSourceTypeTerminology.xml.html">PqcmcSourceTypeTerminology</a> <p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to source types in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmccSpecificationStatusTerminology.xml.html">PqcmcSpecificationStatusTerminology</a> <p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to specification statuses in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmccSpecificationTypeTerminology.xml.html">PqcmcSpecificationTypeTerminology</a> <p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to specification types in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmccSponsorIdentifierTypeTerminology.xml.html">PqcmcSponsorIdentifierTypeTerminology</a> <p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to sponsor identifier types in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmccStorageConditionsTerminology.xml.html">PqcmcStorageConditionsTerminology</a> <p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to storage conditions in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmccStrengthOperatorTerminology.xml.html">PqcmcStrengthOperatorTerminology</a> <p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to strength operators in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmccStrengthTypeTerminology.xml.html">PqcmcStrengthTypeTerminology</a> <p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to strength types in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmccTestCategoryTerminology.xml.html">PqcmcTestCategoryTerminology</a> <p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to test categories in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmccTestMethodOriginTerminology.xml.html">PqcmcTestMethodOriginTerminology</a> <p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to test method origins in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmccTestUsageTerminology.xml.html">PqcmcTestUsageTerminology</a> <p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to test usage in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmccTestingSiteUniqueIdentifierTypeTerminology.xml.html">PqcmcTestingSiteUniqueIdentifierTypeTerminology</a> <p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to testing site unique identifier types in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="ValueSet-vsUnitsMeasure.xml.html">PQ/CMC Units of MeasureTerminology</a> <p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to units of measure in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmccUnitsofMeasureTerminology.xml.html">PqcmcUnitsMeasureTerminology</a> <p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to units of measure in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmccValidationParameterTerminology.xml.html">PqcmcValidationParameterTerminology</a> <p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to validation parameters in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="ValueSet-vsSPLPharmaceuticalDosageFormTerminology.xml.html">SplPharmaceuticalDosageFormTerminology</a> <p>Terminology used for representation of the information on pharmaceutical product dosage form in the framework of the SPL documents.</p>
</li>
{% endraw %}