{% raw %} <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-PqActionRelationTypeVS.html">PqActionRelationTypeVS</a> </td><td>PqActionRelationTypeVS</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmcBatchUtilizationTerminology.html">PqcmcCBatchUtilizationTerminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to batch utilization in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmcChemicalStructureDataFileOriginTerminology.html">PqcmcCChemicalStructureDataFileOriginTerminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to chemical structure data file origins in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmcChemicalStructureDataFileTypeTerminology.html">PqcmcCChemicalStructureDataFileTypeTerminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to chemical structure data file types in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmcClosureTypeTerminology.html">PqcmcClosureTypeTerminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to closure types in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmcCoPackagedIndicatorTerminology.html">PqcmcCoPackagedIndicatorTerminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to copackaged indicators in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmcConformancetoCriteriaTerminology.html">PqcmcConformanceCriteriaTerminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to conformance to criteria in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmcContainerOrientationTerminology.html">PqcmcContainerOrientationTerminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to container orientation in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmcContainerTypeTerminology.html">PqcmcContainerTypeTerminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to container types in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmcDrugProductComponentFunctionCategoryTerminology.html">PqcmcDrugProductComponentFunctionCategoryTerminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to drug product component function categories in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmcDrugSubstanceProductIndicatorTerminology.html">PqcmcDrugSubstanceProductIndicatorTerminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to drug substance product indicators in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmcExcipientFunctionTerminology.html">PqcmcExcipientFunctionTerminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to excipient functions in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmcImpurityClassificationTerminology.html">PqcmcImpurityClassificationTerminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to impurity classifications in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmcInterpretationCodeTerminology.html">PqcmcInterpretationCodeTerminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to numeric interpretation codes in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmcProcessRelatedImpurityCategoryTerminology.html">PqcmcProcessRelatedImpurityCategoryTerminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to process related impurity categories in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmcProductRelatedImpurityCategoryTerminology.html">PqcmcProductRelatedImpurityCategoryTerminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to product related impurity categories in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmcQualityBenchmarkTerminology.html">PqcmcQualityBenchmarkTerminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to quality benchmarks in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmcSourceTypeTerminology.html">PqcmcSourceTypeTerminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to source types in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmcSpecificationStatusTerminology.html">PqcmcSpecificationStatusTerminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to specification statuses in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmcSpecificationTypeTerminology.html">PqcmcSpecificationTypeTerminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to specification types in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmcSponsorIdentifierTypeTerminology.html">PqcmcSponsorIdentifierTypeTerminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to sponsor identifier types in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmcStorageConditionsTerminology.html">PqcmcStorageConditionsTerminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to storage conditions in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmcStrengthOperatorTerminology.html">PqcmcStrengthOperatorTerminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to strength operators in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmcStrengthTypeTerminology.html">PqcmcStrengthTypeTerminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to strength types in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmcTestCategoryTerminology.html">PqcmcTestCategoryTerminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to test categories in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmcTestMethodOriginTerminology.html">PqcmcTestMethodOriginTerminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to test method origins in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmcTestUsageTerminology.html">PqcmcTestUsageTerminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to test usage in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmcTestingSiteUniqueIdentifierTypeTerminology.html">PqcmcTestingSiteUniqueIdentifierTypeTerminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to testing site unique identifier types in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmcUnitsofMeasureTerminology.html">PqcmcUnitsMeasureTerminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to units of measure in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-vsPqcmcValidationParameterTerminology.html">PqcmcValidationParameterTerminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to validation parameters in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-vsSPLPharmaceuticalDosageFormTerminology.html">SplPharmaceuticalDosageFormTerminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used for representation of the information on pharmaceutical product dosage form in the framework of the SPL documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-vsSplDrugRouteofAdministrationTerminology.html">SplDrugRouteofAdministrationTerminology</a> </td><td><p>erminology used for representation of the information on pharmaceutical product route of administration in the framework of the Structured Product Labeling documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-vsUnitsMeasure.html">PQ/CMC Units of MeasureTerminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to units of measure in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
{% endraw %}