{% raw %} <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-Base64DocumentReference.html">Base64DocumentReference</a> </td><td><p>A profile that represents the document or diagram in base64.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-pqcmc-batch-analysis.html">Batch Analysis</a> </td><td><p>Batch or lot release testing  to ensure that pharmaceutical products meet the product specification.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-pqcmc-batch-formula.html">Batch Formula</a> </td><td><p>Listing of all components of the dosage form to be used in the manufacture, their amounts on a per batch basis, including overages, and reference to their quality standards.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-pqcmc-batch-ingredient.html">Batch Ingredient</a> </td><td><p>Identifies the ingredients for the batch forumla</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-pqcmc-ComponentSubstance.html">Component Substance</a> </td><td><p>Any raw material intended for use int he manufacture of a drug substance, or any ingredient intended for use in the manufacture of a drug product including those that may not appear in such drug product.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-pqcmc-druproduct.html">Drug Product</a> </td><td><p>Includes the properties of the drug product, its components and impurities</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-pqcmc-Component.html">Drug Product Component</a> </td><td><p>The amount detais about the drug product compoents to define the product composition in a product unit.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-pqcmc-ingredient.html">Drug Product Ingredient</a> </td><td><p>The amount detais about the drug product ingredients in the batch.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-pqcmc-drug-product-instance.html">Drug Product Manufactured Instance</a> </td><td><p>Includes the properties of the drug product as manufactured.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-pqcmc-DrugSubstance.html">Drug Substance</a> </td><td><p>Drug Substance (Active Ingredient) nomenclature and characterizaiton</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-pqcmc-DrugSubstanceImpurity.html">Drug Substance Impurity</a> </td><td><p>Any component of the drug substance that is not the chemical entity.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-pqcmc-drug-substnace-instance.html">Drug Substance Manufactured Instance</a> </td><td><p>Includes the properties of the drug substance as manufactured.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-pqcmc-excipient.html">Excipient Drug Substance</a> </td><td><p>Provides sufficient information  to identify an inactive substance and its source.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-MfgTestSiteOrganization.html">MfgTestSiteOrganization</a> </td><td><p>A profile for the data elements required to identify an organization that manufactures, processes or tests drug products or substances.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-pqcmc-PolymorphicForm.html">Polymorphic Form</a> </td><td><p>Alternate structure present inf the drug substance</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-PqAddress.html">PqAddress</a> </td><td><p>pq-specific Constraints on the Address datatype dealing with US addresses.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-pqcmcQualitySpecification.html">Quality Specification</a> </td><td><p>A quality specificaion is for a drug product or drug substance (excipient, API or raw material.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-pq-result-observation.html">Result Observation</a> </td><td><p>Belgian profile for an observation in a laboratory report</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-pqcmc-routine-drug-product.html">Drug Product</a> </td><td><p>Includes the identfying information of the drug product</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-pqcmc-routine-drug-substance.html">Brief Drug Substance</a> </td><td><p>Provides sufficient information  to identify a drug substance.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-SponsorOrganization.html">SponsorOrganization</a> </td><td><p>A profile for the data elements required to identify the sponsor of the drug products or substances.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-pq-additional-info-extension.html">Aditional Information</a> </td><td><p>Any additional information</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-pq-container-closure-extension.html">Container Closure</a> </td><td><p>The packaging information including a brief description of the components, the assembled
packaging system and any precautions needed to ensure the protection and preservation of the drug substance and drug product during their use in the clinical trials</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-pq-content-percent-extension.html">Content (%)</a> </td><td><p>The percentage of the component in the drug product.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-drug-product-manufacturing-batch.html">Drug Product Manufacturing Batch</a> </td><td><p>This profile defines the details of a batch of medicine.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-pq-interpretation-code-extension.html">Interpretation Code</a> </td><td><p>A code that describes how to relate the given value to an acceptance value.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-pq-overage-extension.html">Overage</a> </td><td><p>Amount and rationale for excess drug substance.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-pq-quality-specification-extension.html">Quality Specification Reference</a> </td><td><p>The product specification used in the batch release or stability testing.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-pq-quantity-batch-size.html">Batch Size</a> </td><td><p>The quantity made by the batch formula.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-pq-quantity-percent-extension.html">Quantity Percent</a> </td><td><p>The percentage of the component in the batch.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-pq-rrt-extension.html">Relative Retention Time</a> </td><td>RRTExtension</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-pq-specification-status-extension.html">Specification Status</a> </td><td><p>The current FDA regulatory status of the specification. [Source: SME Defined]
Examples: Approved, Not Approved, etc.
Note: There are instances when FDA does approve the Specifications in a supplement or an amendment where other information in the dossier has not changed.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-pq-specification-type-extension.html">Specification type</a> </td><td><p>A classification of specification related to the kind of the entity it is referencing. [Source: SME Defined]
Examples:  Drug product, drug substance, etc.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-pq-strength-operator-extension.html">Strength Operator</a> </td><td><p>A mathematical symbol that denotes equality or inequality between two values.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-pq-strength-type-extension.html">Strength Type  (for API)</a> </td><td><p>A physical (contetn) of activity measurement of the strenght of the active ingredient.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-pq-test-method-origin-extension.html">Test Method Origin</a> </td><td>TestMethodOriginExtension</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-pq-order-extension.html">Test/Stage Order</a> </td><td>TestOrderExtension</td></tr>
{% endraw %}