{% raw %} <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-valuset-ApplicationSubmissionType.xml.html">PQ/CMC Application Submission Type Terminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to application submission types in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-valuset-ApplicationType.xml.html">PQ/CMC Application Type Terminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to application types in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-valuset-BatchUtilization.xml.html">PQ/CMC Batch Utilization Terminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to batch utilization in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-valuset-ChemicalStructureDataFileOrigin.xml.html">PQ/CMC Chemical Structure Data File Origin Terminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to chemical structure data file origins in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-valuset-ChemicalStructureDataFileType.xml.html">PQ/CMC Chemical Structure Data File Type Terminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to chemical structure data file types in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-valuset-ClosureType.xml.html">PQ/CMC Closure Type Terminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to closure types in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-valuset-CoPackagedIndicator.xml.html">PQ/CMC Co-Packaged Indicator Terminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to co-packaged indicators in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-valuset-ConformancetoCriteria.xml.html">PQ/CMC Conformance to Criteria Terminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to conformance to criteria in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-valuset-ContainerOrientation.xml.html">PQ/CMC Container Orientation Terminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to container orientation in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-valuset-ContainerType.xml.html">PQ/CMC Container Type Terminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to container types in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-valuset-DrugProductComponentFunctionCategory.xml.html">PQ/CMC Drug Product Component Function Category Terminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to drug product component function categories in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-valuset-DrugSubstanceProductIndicator.xml.html">PQ/CMC Drug Substance Product Indicator Terminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to drug substance product indicators in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-valuset-ExcipientFunction.xml.html">PQ/CMC Excipient Function Terminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to excipient functions in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-valuset-ImpurityClassification.xml.html">PQ/CMC Impurity Classification Terminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to impurity classifications in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-valuset-InterpretationCodeNumeric.xml.html">PQ/CMC Interpretation Code (numeric) Terminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to numeric interpretation codes in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-valuset-InterpretationCodeText.xml.html">PQ/CMC Interpretation Code (text) Terminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to textual interpretation codes in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-valuset-ProcessRelatedImpurityCategory.xml.html">PQ/CMC Process Related Impurity Category Terminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to process related impurity categories in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-valuset-ProductRelatedImpurityCategory.xml.html">PQ/CMC Product Related Impurity Category Terminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to product related impurity categories in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-valuset-QualityBenchmark.xml.html">PQ/CMC Quality Benchmark Terminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to quality benchmarks in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-valuset-SourceType.xml.html">PQ/CMC Source Type Terminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to source types in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-valuset-SpecificationStatus.xml.html">PQ/CMC Specification Status Terminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to specification statuses in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-valuset-SpecificationType.xml.html">PQ/CMC Specification Type Terminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to specification types in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-valuset-SponsorIdentifierType.xml.html">PQ/CMC Sponsor Identifier Type Terminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to sponsor identifier types in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-valuset-StorageConditions.xml.html">PQ/CMC Storage Conditions Terminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to storage conditions in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-valuset-StrengthOperator.xml.html">PQ/CMC Strength Operator Terminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to strength operators in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-valuset-StrengthType.xml.html">PQ/CMC Strength Type Terminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to strength types in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-valuset-TestCategory.xml.html">PQ/CMC Test Category Terminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to test categories in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-valuset-TestMethodOrigin.xml.html">PQ/CMC Test Usage Terminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to test usage in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-valuset-TestUsage.xml.html">PQ/CMC Testing Site Unique Identifier Type Terminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to testing site unique identifier types in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-valuset-TestingSiteUniqueIdentifierType.xml.html">PQ/CMC Test Method Origin Terminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to test method origins in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-valuset-UnitsofMeasure.xml.html">PQ/CMC Units of Measure Terminology</a> </td><td><p>Terminology used to qualify the information pertaining to units of measure in the framework of the Pharmaceutical Quality/Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls documents.</p>
</td></tr>
{% endraw %}